# Smart-Home-IoT
The dataset contains the readings of the 1 min of time-span house appliances in kW from a smart meter and weather conditions of a particular region. The energy and weather parameters monitored at house appliances retrieved from smart-meter such as the amount of house energy consumption, Dishwasher, Furnace, Home office, Fridge, Wine cellar, Garage door, Kitchen, Barn, Well, Microwave, Living room, and Solar power generation. 
 Attribute Description 
Attribute              	 Description
Time                    Time of the readings, with a time span of 1 min.
Use [kW]                Total energy consumption
Gen [kW]                Total energy generated by means of solar
House overall [kW]      Overall house energy consumption
Fridge [kW]             Energy consumed by specific appliance
Wine cellar [kW]
Garage door [kW]
Dishwasher [kW]
Furnace 1 [kW]
Furnace 2 [kW]
Home office [kW]
Barn [kW]
Well [kW]
Living room [kW]
Kitchen 12 [kW]
Kitchen 14 [kW]
Kitchen 38 [kW]
Microwave [kW]
Solar [kW]               Solar power generation
Temperature [(°C)]       Temperature is a physical quantity expressing hot and cold.
Icon                     The icon that is used by the data collection system
Humidity                 Humidity is the concentration of water vapour present in air.
Visibility [metres]      Visibility sensors measure the meteorological optical range which is defined as the length of atmosphere over which a beam of light travels before its luminous flux is reduced to 5% of its original value.
Summary                  Report generated by data collection system
ApparentTemperature      Apparent temperature is the temperature equivalent perceived by humans, caused by the combined effects of air temperature, relative humidity and wind speed. The measure is most commonly applied to the perceived outdoor temperature.
pressure                 Air pressure. Falling air pressure indicates that bad weather is coming, while rising air pressure indicates good weather
WindSpeed [km/h]         Wind speed, or wind flow speed, is a fundamental atmospheric quantity caused by air moving from high to low pressure, usually due to changes in temperature.
CloudCover [Okta]        Cloud cover refers to the fraction of the sky obscured by clouds.
windBearing              In meteorology, an azimuth of 000° is used only when no wind is blowing, while 360° means the wind is from the North. True Wind Direction True North is represented on a globe as the North Pole. All directions relative to True North may be called "true bearings".
dewPoint                 The atmospheric temperature (varying according to pressure and humidity) below which water droplets begin to condense and dew can form.
PrecipProbability        A probability of precipitation
PrecipIntensity [mm/h]   The intensity of rainfall is a measure of the amount of rain that falls over time.

